[bold][head=1][color=#b185ff]The Den's Server Rules[/color]
Please ensure you're reading the most up-to-date version of the rules: https://denstation.net/rules

WARNING: You MUST be at least 19 years of age to play on The Den.

Any user suspected of being under the age of 19 WILL be removed until they are of age.

Intentionally disconnecting, responding with hostility, or refusing to respond when an admin privately messages you in-game will be met with an appeal-only ban. Additionally, abusing the AHelp relay by flooding it with garbage, checking for admins before stating a problem (ex: "hello?", "any admins?"), using it as a chatroom, or sending messages of no substance will result in your removal.

All AHelp messages are relayed to the Floof Station Discord.

The usage of any third-party applications/scripts/client modifications or any other applicable software to gain an advantage, avoid intended game/server mechanics, or to harm server infrastructure is strictlyprohibited, as is the abuse of glitches, exploits and bugs. Any and all instances of this will be met with an appeal-only ban.

Please use the #bug-reports channel on the Discord to report any issues you find in-game.

Attempting to evade bans is strictly forbidden, and will result in the ban being automatically converted to appeal-only.

Multi-keying (the simultaneous use of multiple accounts at one time) is also forbidden, and will be met with a ban of all the accounts involved.

If you have any questions about these rules, please use the admin help menu by hitting F1 in-game, or clicking the "AHelp" button in the lobby.

[bold][head=2][color=#b185ff]Community Rules[/color][/head][/bold]

1. All of these rules apply as they are intended. Every example of a rule break cannot be defined as written, therefore enforcement of the rules is subject to staff interpretation of the rule's intention.

Any extended discussion regarding interpretation of the rules should be avoided in the AHelp menu and can be instead pursued within the the Den's Discord in the #help channel.

2. The Den is an English-based community; use English as your primary method of communication within the game.

3. Erotic Roleplay (ERP), erotic content, and 18+ sexual content are allowed, so long that all parties involved consent to it.
For more information about this, consult the ERP guidelines and rules in the Game Server Rules section at point 8.

4. Be civil:
4.1 Do not spam or advertise in our server.

4.2 Do not flame and do not be toxic.

4.3 Be polite and respectful towards other members, and avoid making others uneasy or uncomfortable.

4.4 DO NOT BE AN ASSHOLE. Do not intentionally make the round worse for other people for your own amusement.
For example: repeatedly and persistently harassing a character without a , being an intense nuisance to the quiet of the station, or causing substantial damage through vandalism unless valid under antagonist rules.

We especially have no tolerance for taking things out-of-character. Please separate in-character and out-of-character, and let people know if you're uncomfortable with the actions taken. If the request is ignored or unfollowed despite knowing they heard you, please contact an administrator. 

4.5 We have a zero tolerance policy for any form of bigotry, discrimination, toxicity, and unconsensual harassment. Failure to comply with this rule will result in community removal.
Slurs are also strictly prohibited.

4.6 For anything else that is not specifically covered by our rules: use common sense and common decency.

[bold][head=2][color=#b185ff]Game Server Rules[/bold][/head][/color]
0. Our server prioritizes roleplay over rules.  
0.1 If you have a valid, logical, and well-roleplayed in-character reason for actions that break a server rule, you may be forgiven for your rulebreak IF the rule has "Follows rule 0" under it.
0.2 As an example, you [bold]may[/bold] kill a person who killed your partner, so long as it is a one-attempt situation. 
0.3 This rule applies only until after your first attempt in applying it. For example, if you fail to kill the person who killed your partner, you are to stop all attempts at playing out rule 0. 

[bold]1. Follow the server expectations:[/bold]

1.1 If you are banned from a role or department, you may not play that role. This includes seeking or accepting promotions into roles you are banned from.

1.2 Do not make yourself a major problem, annoyance or disruption for the crew while not being an antagonist (i.e. self-antagging). Intentionally hindering the station as a crew-aligned character is strictly against our rules. There can be exceptions if this behavior is not constant, but it should always be for the sake of roleplay, not for the sake of antagonizing.

1.3 Department strikes (e.g. cargonia and any variation thereof), riots, cults, and any other type of similar largely disruptive behavior are to be roleplayed excellently and require explicit administrator pre-approval.

1.4 Clowns, Mimes, and other "prankster" roles do not get an exemption from the above, and should NOT use their job as an excuse to be a major disturbance.

1.5 AFK (a.k.a. SSD) and catatonic players are considered to have the same rights as any other crewmate.

1.6 If a player is dead and catatonic (not SSD), they are not required to be revived and should be stored in the morgue.

1.7 You should not biomass grind dead and catatonic crew, unless the body belongs to a person who got cloned (thus, recycling is allowed), or during an emergency.

1.8 If a player is alive and catatonic, they may be brought to their relevant department or cryostorage as necessary.

1.9 For the sake of privacy and respect towards the other members of the community, by reason of the nature of the server, and by motive of potential metagaming, livestreaming rounds is strictly forbidden.

1.10 It is strictly forbidden to record or stream players engaged in private activities without their consent, and even more so to share it without their consent.

1.11 Ghosting or playing with the intent of, and the act itself of "exposing" or shaming players by sharing content or information of their presence or activities in this server elsewhere, is strictly forbidden.

1.12 You are expected to be able to keep things in-character. If you do not like actions taken or words said by a character, please inform them. Contact an administrator immediately if the individual is ignoring or not following your requests. If a player asks you to stop, you act like nothing happened, apologize, and move on.

[bold]2. Follow metagaming guidelines:[/bold]

2.1 Do not use the Emote channel to bypass an inability to speak.

2.2 Use of the emote channel to simulate character death rattles or other game mechanics is prohibited.

2.3 Use the local-out-of-character (LOOC) and global out-of-character (OOC) channels properly. Don't speak of in-character matters in those channels unless you're asking questions related to ingame concepts

2.4 Do not use in-character channels to bypass a lack of ability to use OOC/LOOC chats (e.g. "Huh, wonder where the captain went? OOC He probably left to get dinner lol").

2.5 Do not use any information gained by meta-communication (i.e. using external channels to communicate with other players in the same game) to your advantage.

2.6 Discussion about the current round is allowed on the Floof Station Discord server (albeit discouraged for the purpose of MRP). However, acting on information gained by this method is strictly forbidden.

2.7 You are allowed to have knowledge of past experiences and prior shifts, and players are allowed to have in-character relationships (friends, enemies, or otherwise).
This rules follows rule 0.

2.8 Antagonists in previous rounds must not be treated differently due to their prior antagonist status. Notwithstanding, confession of crimes committed in a prior shift are still admissible in court.

2.9 For the sake of continuity, your character will never have permanently died in previous rounds (unless you wish to roleplay this concept out).

2.10 Do NOT "antag roll." This is the act of joining rounds for the purpose of seeing if you have received an antagonist role, and leaving soon after if not.

2.11 Act like an actual person on a space station, and don’t use text speech or emoticons when speaking in character.

[bold]3. Follow new-life rules:[/bold]

3.1 If a player dies and is brought back by way of cloning or borging, they forget the last five minutes leading up to their death and cannot describe who or what killed them.

3.2 Players that are revived by using a defibrillator can only recall vague details about their death, such as "Someone shot me" or "I was set ablaze" but they cannot recall details beyond that. Please report players who break this rule.

3.3 In either case, characters do not have any knowledge of what happened while they were dead (i.e. ghosted/observing), and are forbidden from acting on information gained during death.

[bold]4. Follow naming conventions:[/bold]

4.1 Don't make cringy or lame references, don’t make obvious puns or plays on words, and try to be creative by picking a believable and fitting name and/or surname. Leeway is given to theatrical roles such as the clown, boxer, and mime; these roles are allowed stage names with some freedom.

4.2 If you are using a title, DO NOT attempt to use it to gain unfair gameplay advantages (such as, pretending to be a Central Command officer, or some role/job you are not).

[bold]5. Follow roleplay guidelines:[/bold]

5.1 Your character is a separate entity from you, the player. Your character's actions, feelings, and knowledge in-game should be based solely on the character's experiences rather than your own as the player.

5.2 Do not escalate situations needlessly. Very few things are deserving of a fight to the death, or the loss of life of somebody. Brawls and self defense are permitted, but do NOT put someone in critical state without a VERY valid reason to it (roleplay-based or not).

5.3 If a fight results in someone being critically injured, seek medical help for them - and if they die, do not destroy or otherwise hide their body. This falls under self-antagonistic behavior.
Follows rule 0.

5.4 Do NOT grief, attack or kill crew-aligned ghost roles such as familiars or station pets without a valid motive or provocation. Pest ghost roles such as mice however, are always fair game for attacking.
Follows rule 0.

5.5 Some awakened pest roles (e.g. sentient mothroach) may be considered crew pets and fall under this rule.

5.6 Respect other people's consent, dignity and boundaries. If somebody asks you to stop bothering  them LOOC, do so without question. If someone keeps bothering you despite telling them off LOOC, please AHelp it.

5.7 Non-security personnel should not seek to kill or detain unrelated threats, unless they themselves or other crew in the direct vicinity are in current, immediate danger from it. Crew may neutralize threats when they present themselves or if they are relevant to the crew member in question, but are not to pursue them if and once routed from their current area.
Follows rule 0.

5.8 Certain severe emergencies or antagonist roles allow for normal crew to actively defend station and attempt to kill or subdue the antagonist. Such as: nuclear operatives, a zombie outbreak, a space dragon attack, or any other critical situation (such as all Command or/and Security being dead) requiring the crew to take matters in their own hands.

5.9 By picking the prisoner role, you have chosen to roleplay as a prisoner, NOT an antagonist, and should not act so in any capacity. While you may be allowed to escape, you must receive admin approval to do so, and ideally you should only seek to do so with excellent reasoning and roleplay (e.g. abusive security personnel or badly damaged permanent brig).

[bold]Lack of administrator response does not constitute approval.[/bold]

5.10 Try to avoid engaging in public roleplay (both verbal or/and in action) that may make other people overly uneasy or uncomfortable, unless you got very valid gameplay or roleplay reasons to it. Public meant as in: any radio channel (including the telepath channel), out loud speech or overt actions in actual public physical locations, or doing so on camera. This rule covers erotic roleplay as well.

While it may make sometimes for amazing roleplay, not everybody may have the sensitivity to be able to hear your character recanting some dark, depressing tale or to see them doing something inherently twisted or disturbing. You can find more on this in the ERP Rules and Guidelines section.

[bold]6. Follow powergaming guidelines:[/bold]

6.1 Don't rush for or prepare equipment unrelated to your job for no purpose other than to have it without valid reason.

6.2 A medical doctor does not need insulated gloves, the Head of Personnel does not need a gun, and the Captain does not need an assault rifle. If you, in your given role, require an item that does not fall within your job’s usual parameters, have a VERY valid gameplay or roleplay reason to obtain and keep it.

6.3 Manufacturing weapons, bombs, or deadly poisons before you know of any reason you would need them for (or without an excellent roleplay reason to it) is powergaming behavior.

6.4 Hiding Traitor objective items, or preemptively securing them with higher security than usually required or than would make logical sense, violates our powergaming and roleplay guidelines.

6.5 Do NOT, under any circumstances, hide the nuclear fission explosive, authentication disk, or other sensitive items in an impossible to see/access location.

6.6 While it is allowed for the crew to know the details around the various antagonist functions (traitor items being such, PDAs having uplinks, listening posts existing, etc.), Security is strictly forbidden from acting on that information without valid reason and suspicion, and it is always to presume innocence until proven guilty.

For example, it is to be avoided to check PDAs, implants and headsets unless the person is strongly suspected to be a syndicate agent, and there is evidence to back this up.

[bold]7. Follow end-of-round (EOR) rules:[/bold]

7.1 End-of-round-griefing (EORG) is not allowed. This includes but is not limited to attacking, destroying, polluting, killing, and severely injuring without reason both at and on the way to Central Command.
Follows rule 0.

7.2 Explosives and strategies with capacity for high collateral damage should not be used on or around the evacuation shuttle.

[bold]8. Follow ERP guidelines and rules:[/bold]

8.1 Be very mindful of In Character and Out of Character consent, as they are NOT the same thing. Whilst a player may agree for their character to be subjected to a nonconsensual act, engaging in ERP with someone against their OOC consent is strictly forbidden. This applies both to actual player characters, and ghost role characters, people and creatures.

[bold]If your OOC consent is not respected, immediately contact an administrator and remove yourself from the situation.[/bold]

8.2 Extreme acts such as killing, severely maiming, nonconning, abuse, or even round removal are allowed, so long that all the participants consented OOC.

8.3 Keep in mind that by performing actions without IC consent (or actions that go against space law), you are not immune to and will be opening yourself to IC punishment. Expect to be potentially apprehended, prosecuted and sentenced to the full extent of the law, if found to have committed the crime you did. By doing non-consensual acts IC, you fully agree to being subject to rule 0 which may include your characters death.

8.4 Try to make ABUNDANTLY clear in your consent menu essential information such as whether you are interested in ERP or not, your limits and preferences, your OOC stance on nonconsensual acts towards your character, your OOC or/and IC stance on extreme acts such as death or maiming, and so on so forth.

8.5 DO NOT use ERP as bait, unless done with OOC consent of all parties involved. Much as it would be very believable and make for some amazing roleplay for an Agent to try and seduce a target into the bedroom to then murder them in cold blood on the spot or kidnap them, priority is given to the fun, comfort and enjoyment of all players.

After the ERP is complete, a grace period of 5 minutes is in effect, during which you are still NOT allowed to kill the target.

8.6 Do not hog a role or a job if you do not plan to at least engage in a few of its activities and basic responsibilities in the first place. This goes especially for Command and Security roles and jobs, and especially during a crisis or emergency.

If your intent is exclusively to ERP, then take a role or a job that won't potentially lead to the station being unable to function properly. You can slack and go MiA now and then; but ideally, ERP should not take priority over basic job responsibilities and during emergencies.

To be more specific, this meaning: do not go missing from minute one, not even bother to answer radio calls, only to pop back up when the emergency shuttle arrives. And ideally, if an emergency comes up, try to go and help, if the nature of the emergency is related to your job or role.

However, so long it is roleplayed well enough and there is no immediate urgency, leeway is given (so long you are ready to face the IC consequences to this). Much larger leeway is given during Extended and Greenshift rounds, due to their nature of being meant specifically for people to relax and get off.

Command roles are [bold]never[/bold] allowed to be unresponsive due to ERP; you are required to have your headset and be reachable through communications at all times. 

8.7 Do not spam or pollute radio channels (including the telepath channel) with smut or content that would require consent to post. Mind you, this does NOT mean that you are not allowed to speak or discuss of such. Just that it should not become a cringy spamfest of people shitposting/hornyposting.

Or in other words: try not to turn them into the equivalent of a bathroom stall. Have at least a minimum bit of decency and respect towards other people.

8.8 Do not go overboard with hornyposting about a specific person if said person does not have access to the channel they are being spoken about in, and if you don't have OOC consent from said person to do so.

Pushing it too far, can easily result in what is effectively sexual harassment, and be something very degradading, objectifying and humiliating to the person.

8.9 Do not engage in nor discuss of particularly extreme or out there sexual fetishes in public. Public meant as in: any radio channel (including the telepath channel), out loud speech or overt actions in actual public physical locations, or doing so on camera.

What you like to do in the privacy of your bedroom is your business and prerogative, but do not force other people into having to witness or hear of something exceptionally outrageous that would turn the stomach of any ordinary person, or at the very least make them extremely uncomfortable.

Or in other words: respect other people's boundaries and tastes.

8.10 On the other hand, do not kinkshame somebody for something that they might be into, no matter how extreme, with the exception that they are into being kinkshamed, or you are doing so in a playful, jokey, friendly manner for banter that they consent to.

Again, respect other people's boundaries and tastes.

8.11 Use the subtle (a chat message prefixed with -) command if you are engaging in ERP involving extreme kinks. The regular emote * action can be heard through walls. While this normally does not pose a major issue, unless you mind your privacy, it can become one if you are potentially exposing passerbys to your acts.

8.12 Roleplaying a character as underage is strictly forbidden. So is talk of such activities.

8.13 Engaging in ERP with a creature who does not pass the harkness test is forbidden.

This includes player-controlled xenos without cognizine. 

8.14 Do not engage in public ERP, period. Public meant as in: any radio channel (including the telepath channel), out loud speech or overt actions in actual public physical locations, or doing so on camera.

[bold]As a note, maintenance is not considered a public area.[/bold]

11. Psionics

    - Players that have psionic powers are allowed to use them at-will to accomplish their roleplay goals. It should be noted that in-character consequences can happen as a result of their use, including being stripped of psionic powers or even death.

    - As a mantis, it is not your goal to hunt down psionics. Do not mindbreak others against their will solely because they have psionic powers.

[bold][head=2][color=#b185ff]Command, Security, and Antagonist Rules:[/bold][/head][/color]

[bold]1. Follow Command and Security Guidelines:[/bold]

1.1 Security and Command roles are expected to know and perform their jobs to the best of their ability, and to have extensive knowledge in regards to the duties, management and operations of their departments. These roles often heavily impact the round and require careful and conscientious roleplay.

As such, their roleplay quality is held to a much higher standard, especially in the event a player was to play a character in such a role committing a crime or being disruptive.

If you cannot meet these requirements, do NOT take these roles.

1.2 Both Security and Command are required to read and follow The Den's Space Law, Standard Operating Procedures, Alert Procedure, and Company Policy to the best of their ability.
Following these documents follows rule 0.

1.3 Abusing your position or using it to make arbitrary or obviously malicious choices to the detriment of the entire station and/or its inhabitants is prohibited.
Follows rule 0.

1.4 Some leeway is given to Security and Command roles doings things such as committing a crime, slacking, or being irresponsible, so long that the player is ready to be met with the very serious in-character consequences to such actions, so long it’s roleplayed exceptionally well, and so long what’s being done is not too disruptive or harmful in nature to other players.

1.5 An aggravating exemplary factor should be considered when sentencing or applying IC punishment to a Security or Command role, in reason of them not acting appropriately to the expected IC standards of their role.

1.6 If you need to leave the round, please notify administrators via the AHelp menu and notify your fellow crew via departmental radio. If you have the capability to do so, ensure that you return your items as necessary and seek cryostorage if you are not planning on returning.

1.7 Do not hire random crew to be your bodyguard(s) or promote random crewmembers to Command positions at random. If you require bodyguards or security details, talk to the Security department. If you need new Command staff, talk to the personnel in that related department.

1.8 Security should always try to use non-lethals and arrest criminals, unless given extreme circumstances, such as but not limited to: lethal force being used against them, their life or that of an innocent being in immediate danger, no other reasonable option being available at the moment to detain an unreasonably dangerous threat, or when facing off against station-destroying antagonists (nuclear operatives, zombies, dragons, etc.).
Follows rule 0.

1.9 Security may choose to confiscate dangerous items (weapons, firearms) as well as items used to commit crimes or items that could prove to be problematic when in possession of the detainee (tools, insulated gloves, etc.), so long that there is a valid, strong reason and suspicion that such items will be used maliciously, or evidence that they have been used to commit a crime.

1.10 When lethal force is used by Security, they are expected when and if possible to patch up the critical condition detained individual back to health, or even to life in the event of death, by cloning or defibbing.
Follows rule 0.

1.11 Punishment should be proportional to the crime committed and the danger posed by the criminal. You cannot execute somebody just for trespassing or stealing an item, but a provable Syndicate Agent going loud and round removing somebody, should absolutely warrant an execution.

1.12 Brig times should generally not exceed 20 minutes unless the crime is permabriggable, and permabrigging is to be done exclusively for proven antagonists and exceptional cases (usually, unreasonably dangerous individuals).

1.13 Executions and Do Not Revive orders can only be carried out for capital crimes, and are to be used sparingly as last resorts, or in the most extreme of situations and crimes. For example, when the detained individual is proven beyond any reasonable doubt to be an unreasonably hard to contain or/and major threat to the station and its inhabitants.

The criminal should always be tried first, and executed and/or given a DNR order later. However, if this is proven to be something impossible or too dangerous to carry out, such as during a crisis situation, or if the crime is deemed particularly heinous and the criminal provably guilty beyond any reasonable doubt, trial can be skipped.

1.14 Do not mindbreak others against their will solely because they have psionic powers. Only do so when the individual is either a proven antagonist who has used those powers for crimes after a warning or has used those powers to escape confinement.
Follows rule 0.

[bold]2. Follow antagonist guidelines:[/bold]

2.1 Antagonists exist to move the round forward and make things interesting and fun for everyone involved. The point is NOT to “greentext” or win over people by pulling every meta trick in the book. The real victory, is in achieving your goals in a fun, interesting, or unique way. As such, “play to win” gameplay void of any roleplay aspect is not only heavily discouraged, but may also lead to negative notes or even suspensions, if deemed to be causing a negative impact on the community and be detrimental to everybody’s fun.

The same of course, is to be applied to roles in opposition to antagonists, such as Security and Command.

We are all here to roleplay, relax and have fun, not to have a competition on who’s the best or the most “robust”. The objectives are meant to me a means to an end, a way to craft and tell a compelling narrative, a fun story for the shift.

2.2 The damage that antagonists can cause MUST be proportional to their objectives, and contribute towards achieving them in some way.

Round ending levels of damage (plasma/tritium/frezon flooding, atmospherics distro sabotage, singuloose and teslaloose, mass spacing, mass murder, sabotaging or destroying power in an irreparable or extremely difficult to repair manner, etc.) are rarely if ever proportional to most of antagonist objectives (some exceptions for example being nuclear operatives, dragons, or zombies), and rarely anywhere remotely fun. Thus, they should be avoided, unless you got some EXTREMELY good justification and explanation.

Furthermore, after round start, a grace period of 30 minutes is in effect, during which you are not allowed to perform any action that result in round ending levels of damage.

If you are concerned as to whether or not what you're about to do is allowed, feel free to AHelp and ask an admin for clarification. Lack of administrator response does not constitute approval.

2.3 Stealth and pacifism are HEAVILY encouraged and to be considered preferable wherever and whenever applicable. If you can get rid of a person without having to round remove them, or obtain an item without having to destroy an entire part of the station, please consider doing so.

2.4 Round removal is strictly forbidden, outside of situations reasonably demanding it (such as for example, getting rid of a kill objective or getting rid of an unreasonably dangerous, hard to contain threat), or obvious unintended accidents.

2.5 Antagonists exist not only as a role for your character, but also as a game mechanic. Seek to push forward the round and create a narrative through your antagonistic actions, rather than grind it to halt in pursuit of your objectives and providing zero roleplay to your actions.

2.6 Other antagonists are not necessarily your friends. Other agents, ninjas, and possibly even space dragons are free agents that you may negotiate with at your own risk. Just because both Nuclear Operatives and Syndicate Agents are on the same team, they don't necessarily have to collaborate, having different goals and instructions.

However of course, do keep in mind that not all antagonist roles can be (easily) reasoned with, such as zombies or cults.

2.7 Heavily damaging/spacing or camping arrivals/evac/cryo, unnecessarily extending the round, and actions that call the round to an end prematurely (as well as other similarly lame tactics and behaviors), are strictly forbidden.

2.8 As a non-sentient or partially sentient antagonist, you are expected to have only a limited understanding of space stations and their mechanics. Slimes, zombies, and spiders should not be targeting the gravity generator or the AME, nor should they be unnecessarily spacing the station.

2.9 Ghost roles have their own independent rules that must be followed, in addition to the already established antagonist guidelines for antagonist ghost roles, and the general game server rules for non-antagonist ones.

As a rule of thumb for ghost roles in general: do not be overly disruptive and a detriment to the fun. You may go on a rampage and kill a lot of people as a dragon because that is what you are meant to do, but do not go out of your way as a mouse or Pun Pun to disturb people's privacy and ERP, or to persistently harass and annoy people or break things for no reason.

2.10 Neutral ghost roles (such as skeletons or sentient artifacts), while having the freedom of being either friendly or hostile (and until or unless proven the latter, crew is expected to be friendly in return), in reason of not having a defined set of objectives, are expected not to go too overboard if choosing to be hostile, and limit themselves to being just a nuisance at worst.

However, it is strongly encouraged for the crew to act hostile within reason; and for such ghost roles not to powergame by acting friendly one minute, and be hostile the next, the moment a great opportunity presents itself.

Furthermore, though roleplaying a creature as one would be expecting it to behave is also strongly encouraged, due to the inherent nature of such roles often having as a main objective to kill as many living things as possible, certain core antagonist guidelines are a bit relaxed (specifically and in particular those relating to killing).
